And this lecture, I'm going to take a moment, just a rematch.
My animals, so we don't have as many pulleys and set up a very simple Three-Point lighting system and
position our camera so that we can start doing test renders when we add our fur.
We know we're at the right distance in relation to where we're going to have our final render of our
animal.
First thing, I'm gonna get my model ready and not to be too high poly to do that.
I will click on my cat and then jump up to the or over to the sculpt mode in sculpt mode.
I'm going to when it decides to get in Scotland.
There we go on a scroll along.
Turn off Duyen Topo, click on Ramesh.
It's getting a bit slow at the moment.
Here we go.
Remeasured Point 04.
I'll start with that and a smooth normal's and click on Ramesh.
Now, if I have a look at how many faces I've got, it's gone from one point three million down to 44000.
That's much better.
This can be a little bit odd affecting that of wonkiness around the ear, which are, to be honest.
That's kind of cool in a way.
Not not what I wanted, but cool in a way, because cats, if they get in fights, they often get those
bites on the years and scratchy years.
So I asked me that out later on.
But for now, I'm just going to focus on what looks good with hair.
And if it doesn't look good with hair, I'll make the change.
But now it's okay.
Lost a little bit of detail on the face, but that's okay as well.
We can go and paint some things later on if we need to.
Just a note that I'll be focusing on a solid Calicut.
I had my heart set on working on a black cat, but as I've been prototyping this, it's a little bit
hard to see on screen for you watching.
So I might end up, rather than doing everything black and white, end up doing a bit of a ginger ninja
as my cat.
I think that could be a bit of fun.
In the next couple of videos, we'll be focusing on particle systems.
I'll probably be adding one particle system for the body, maybe a separate for the FT.
I'm not sure yet.
My feet are going to be hopefully covered in grass or my cat's feet are.
So I'm not gonna worry about them too much.
Getting them perfect.
I'll have another particle system for the head and then another particle system for whiskers.
Now I'm gonna be making mine a solid color.
I was gonna do a black cat, but prototyping that, it's really hard to see on screen.
So I think I might end up making myself a little bit of a ginger ninja running through the grass.
We'll see how that goes.
If you wanted to make yours your animal to have patches or stripes or patterns, then I'd recommend
going about the process of doing some vertex painting to indicate the areas and then to white paint
and to have the particular particle system, the colored particle system, grow out of where you've
painted the white.
So we practice that when we went through the human head.
And at this point I'm just going to make my cat the one solid color so I don't need to diddle around
with all the different shapes.
But you totally now have the technique and the knowledge to do that.
If you wanted to put that extra detail into yours.
Okay.
So we've re meshed our cat now and has set up some lights already.
Got one light in the scene.
Make sure that I mean object mode.
Click on my life.
Make sure it's visible.
What I'm going to do is change this to be a sun.
So click on the light bulb, change it to sun.
I'll jump around to look at where the light's pointed, actually hoping a top view and I'll go throw
for a three point lighting system here where I've got my main key light at the front.
I'll have it from the front where I'm going to have my camera pointed to a bit of rotating of these.
Just make sure is not pointing down too low.
Yep.
Pointing up a little bit higher.
Okay.
It's gonna be super bright.
So I'm gonna put that down to three.
Let's just hop over into a rendering mode so we can see how that starting to look.
Excellent.
Back in the top view.
I'm going to rename my line at this point to be the key light.
I will shift D.
Move that over and this will be my fill light.
Reminds me I forgot my shortcut keys again.
Apologies for that.
I'll start those in case you're wondering.
And so I'm going to turn the value of this, which will be my fill light fill.
I'll turn this down to about one.
Doesn't need to be quite as strong.
Just to make sure that we're filling the other side of our objects.
So we've got a broad light over this side.
Less bright light over that side.
Shift D around back from.
It's going to be back left shoulder.
I'll put it rotate this one.
I will rename to be the Rim Light which will be projected from behind our object.
Then I'll put this up to three as well.
Actually I put this over the Right-Hand side because I think I'd like to have the sun coming from this
side and our camera coming from that side.
So a value of three.
I leave it all white for now.
We'll play around with that little bit later on.
What I do want to do next is to get a camera.
So as I'm rendering out my different ideas, I can see exactly how it's going to look through the camera.
That I think might be the final pose that my cat probably a little bit off center.
But for now, I'll render it in the middle, mostly going for the angle the size, so that when I'm
working on my fur, I can see how it's gonna look for a particular distance because I find the hair
particles.
If you really close, it looks very different.
If you're way back here.
So we don't want to go and be finessing it up close if that's not how we're gonna do our final render.
So probably have a roundabout here on to see all these pores differentiated or make sure that kind of
looks like the cat's walking past the camera and they'll hit control Old Zero on the numpad.
That's pretty good for my camera.
That should be locked in place.
Even if I move around, turn the camera on, let's do a test render hit F twelve and there it is.
That's the view that I want to see.
Perfect.
Okay, so I've got things the way I want them to look.
I'm going to give you a challenge here, which is to set up your lights and your camera, set up a quick
three point lighting layout as I've done.
Position your camera to where you think the final render will be and do a test render when you're ready.
We'll jump into the next video and we'll stop playing around with our animal fur.
I'll see you in the next lecture.